If it wasn't for the Lord, now tell me what would I do?
If it wasn't for the Lord, what would I do?
He is everything to me.
He is water in dry places.
We are brave and starving men.
He's my rock and shelter.
He holds me in his hand.
When all these words proceed, put by my side again.
He is everything to me.
Every word I've got along.
Tell me, what would I do?
What would I do if it wasn't for the Lord?
What would I do? He is everything to me.
What would I do if it was for the Lord?
When I was in trouble, and my ways were dark as night.
Jesus gave me comfort.
He brought me to the light.
He took away my sorrow.
And he made my burden fly.
in every place you'll be.
If it wasn't for the Lord, tell me what would I do?
What would I do?
He is everything to me